docs: Add example on query parameters in route handlers (#55789)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/01-routing/10-route-handlers.mdx

| `app/items/[slug]/route.js` | `/items/b`  | `{ slug: 'b' }` |
| `app/items/[slug]/route.js` | `/items/c`  | `{ slug: 'c' }` |

### URL Query Parameters

> The request object passed to the route handler is a `NextRequest` instance, which has [some additional convenient methods](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/next-request#nexturl), including for handling query parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request object passed to the Route Handler is a `NextRequest` instance, which has [some additional convenience methods](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/next-request#nexturl), including more easily handling query parameters.
```

> ```ts filename="app/test/route.ts" switcher

Reviewer: Should we do a more realistic route name? Maybe `/api/name`
